[INTERNAL] ES6+ Limitations doc (#662)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/ESSupport.md

    ], function(XMLComposite) {
        return XMLComposite.extend("composites.MyComposite", {} 
    });
    ```

=== "Not supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="5"
    sap.ui.define([
        "sap/ui/core/XMLComposite"
    ], function(XMLComposite) {
        const name = "MyComposite";
        return XMLComposite.extend(`composites.${name}`, {});
    });
    ```

#### Template Literal in sap/ui/core/Core#initLibrary call

### Spread Element

Spread Elements can be used in all places except in following places.

#### Spread Element in `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require`

#### Spread Element in Fiori Elements Template declaration

#### Spread Element in Smart Template declaration

#### Spread Element in XMLComposite declaration

#### Spread Element in sap/ui/core/Core#initLibrary call

### Object Expression

#### Object Expression in `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require`

#### Object Expression in Fiori Elements Template declaration

#### Object Expression in Smart Template declaration

#### Object Expression in XMLComposite declaration

#### Object Expression in sap/ui/core/Core#initLibrary call

### Class Definition

### Arrow Function Expression

> ## Code Analyzing

Reviewer: Code Analysis?

Reviewer 2: done

## ECMAScript Version Support

> The UI5 Tooling offers general support for the latest ECMAScript features. While a `ui5 build` is executed, the UI5 Tooling analyses the code on a few places. Depending on your project you have to consider some restrictions regarding the used ECMAScript syntax.

Reviewer 2: hard code "ES2022" instead of latest

Reviewer 2: in table >= 3.0.0

Reviewer 2: done

**✅ Best Practice:**
```javascript
sap.ui.define(["sap/ui/core/XMLComposite"],
	(XMLComposite) => XMLComposite.extend("composites.MyComposite", {
    });
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Object Expression**
```javascript
sap.ui.define([
	"sap/ui/core/XMLComposite"],
		(XMLComposite) => {
		const key = "fragment"
		return XMLComposite.extend("composites.MyComposite", {
			[key]: "composites.custom.MyComposite"
		});
	});
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Spread Element**
```javascript
sap.ui.define([
	"sap/ui/core/XMLComposite"],
		(XMLComposite) => {
		const myXMLComposite = {
			fragment: "composites.custom.MyComposite"
		};
		return XMLComposite.extend("composites.MyComposite", {
			...myXMLComposite
		});
	});
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Template Literal with Expression**
```javascript
sap.ui.define(["sap/ui/core/XMLComposite"],
	(XMLComposite) => {
        const name = "MyComposite";
	    return XMLComposite.extend(`composites.${name}`, {});
```

### Smart Templates
When declaring a `SmartTemplate` any `Object Expression`, `Spread Element` or `Template Literal` with expression is not supported.

> **✅ Best Practice:**

Reviewer 2: rename to "Supported"

Reviewer 2: done

```javascript
sap.ui.define(["sap/suite/ui/generic/template/lib/TemplateAssembler"],
	(TemplateAssembler) => TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods,
		"sap.fe.templates.Page.Component", {
			metadata: {
				properties: {
					"templateName": {
						"type": "string",
						"defaultValue": "sap.fe.templates.Page.view.Page"
					}
				},
				"manifest": "json"
			}
        }
));
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Object Expression**
```javascript
sap.ui.define(["sap/suite/ui/generic/template/lib/TemplateAssembler"],
	(TemplateAssembler) => {
        const key =  "templateName";

>         return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods,

Reviewer 2: use https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/code-blocks/#highlighting-specific-lines for hl desired LOCs

Reviewer 2: done

## ECMAScript Version Support

> The UI5 Tooling offers general support for the latest ECMAScript features. While a `ui5 build` is executed, the UI5 Tooling analyses the code in a few places. Depending on your project you have to consider some restrictions regarding the used ECMAScript syntax.

Reviewer 3: > The UI5 Tooling offers general support for the latest ECMAScript features

Currently in v3 we are supporting ES2021 (see https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder/blob/31655b603e0de2c5f2e44ae5a9cbdd9019b7765c/lib/lbt/utils/parseUtils.js#L10). AFAICS ES2022 is final, so as a read I would expect that as the currently latest version of features.

> Depending on your project

Depending on what specific thing about a project? I find that reference a bit confusing.
EDIT: Now after reading the guide I see that it's specific to the project type.

Reviewer 2: we only analyse js files declared as "script". "module" are not tackled by the UI5 Tooling

Reviewer 2: Put ES2022 instead of latest

Reviewer 2: done

> The UI5 Tooling offers general support for the latest ECMAScript features. While a `ui5 build` is executed, the UI5 Tooling analyses the code in a few places. Depending on your project you have to consider some restrictions regarding the used ECMAScript syntax.

Reviewer 2: instead of project use project type

Reviewer 2: done

> ## General

Reviewer 2: All project types

Reviewer 2: done

> The following sections describe the limitations valid for all types of projects.

Reviewer 2: General sentence that using Object Expressions, Spread Elements, and Template Literals with expressions might lead to limitations.

Reviewer 2: achieved by new structure

### sap.ui.define/sap.ui.require: Usage of Object Expressions, Spread Elements, and Template Literals

> An `Object Expression`, `Spread Element`, or `Template Literal` with an expression is not supported as a parameter for `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require`.

Reviewer 2: put a list which other APIs are similar handled:
- `jQuery.sap.declare`
- `jQuery.sap.require`
.....

Reviewer 2: add mark the deprecated ones as deprecated

**✅ Best Practice:**
```javascript
sap.ui.define(["Bar"], function(Bar){
});
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Object Expression**
```javascript
const dependency = "Bar";
sap.ui.define([dependency], function(Bar){
});
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Spread Element**
```javascript
const dependenciesA = ["ModuleA1", "ModuleA2"];
const dependenciesB = ["ModuleB1", "ModuleB2"];
sap.ui.define([...dependenciesA, ...dependenciesB],
	function(ModuleA1, ModuleA2, ModuleB1, ModuleB2){
});
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Template Literal with Expression**
```javascript

> sap.ui.define([`ModuleA`, `ModuleB` ], () => {

Reviewer 3: I find this example confusing. All places except the `Module${i}` are supported, aren't they?

Reviewer 2: const dependenciesA = ["ModuleA", "ModuleB"];
const i = `D`;
return sap.ui.require([
			`ModuleC`,
			`Module${i}`
		], () => { });

Reviewer 2: done

		const i = `D`;
		return sap.ui.require([
			`ModuleC`,
			`Module${i}`
		], () => { });
});
```

> ### XMLComposites

Reviewer 2: put it to the bottom and mark it as deprecate

Reviewer 2: done

When declaring an `XMLComposite` any `Object Expression`, `Spread Element`, or `Template Literal` with expression is not supported.

**✅ Best Practice:**
```javascript
sap.ui.define(["sap/ui/core/XMLComposite"],
	(XMLComposite) => XMLComposite.extend("composites.MyComposite", {
	});
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Object Expression**
```javascript
sap.ui.define([
	"sap/ui/core/XMLComposite"],
		(XMLComposite) => {
		const key = "fragment"
		return XMLComposite.extend("composites.MyComposite", {
			[key]: "composites.custom.MyComposite"
		});
	});
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Spread Element**
```javascript
sap.ui.define([
	"sap/ui/core/XMLComposite"],
		(XMLComposite) => {
		const myXMLComposite = {
			fragment: "composites.custom.MyComposite"
		};
		return XMLComposite.extend("composites.MyComposite", {
			...myXMLComposite
		});
	});
```

> **⛔️ Not supported: Template Literal with Expression**

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can have this as a general thing, as strings are read in quite some places.

Reviewer 2: new structure applied

Typically in the `library.js` of your library, the library is initialized. The object which is given to the `sap/ui/core/Core#initLibrary` call must not include any `Object Expression`, `Spread Element`, or `Template Literal` with expression.

**✅ Best Practice:**
```javascript
sap.ui.getCore().initLibrary({
	name: "my.lib"
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Object Expression**
```javascript
const mylib = {
	key: "name"
};
sap.ui.getCore().initLibrary({
	[mylib.key] : "my.lib",
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Spread Element**
```javascript
const mylib = {
	name: "my.lib"
};
sap.ui.getCore().initLibrary({
	...mylib
```

**⛔️ Not supported: Template Literal with Expression**
```javascript
const name = "my"
sap.ui.getCore().initLibrary({
	name: `{$name}.lib`
```

### JSDoc
For libraries, the JSDoc output might be relevant. Therefore, please follow the below best practices.

#### sap.ui.define/sap.ui.require: with Arrow function expression
The JSDoc block of the module has to be written above the arrow function and not above the `sap.ui.define/sap.ui.require` command.

**✅ Best Practice:**

```javascript
sap.ui.define(["Bar"],
	/**

> 	 * JSDoc block here

Reviewer 2: to be checked if it works

Reviewer 2: Verified with https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder/blob/main/test/fixtures/library.j/main/src/library/j/SubControl.js#L12-L28 and https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder/blob/main/test/expected/build/library.j/dest/test-resources/library/j/designtime/api.json#L85

	 */
	(Bar) => Bar.extends("Foo", {...})
);
```

**⛔️ Not supported:**
```javascript
/**
 * JSDoc block here (Not detected properly!)
 */
sap.ui.define(["Bar"], (Bar) => Bar.extends("Foo", {...}));
```

> 

Reviewer 2: add a sample that is not supported to use computed properties inside the extend call

Reviewer 2: done

#### sap.ui.define/sap.ui.require: Returning a class definition
The class declaration should not be returned directly. Declare the class and return the class in a separate statement. JSDoc treats the the class declaration as a return statement and does not recognize any JSDoc if such is provided right above the class declaration.

**✅ Best Practice:**
```javascript
sap.ui.define(["Bar"], function(Bar){
    /**
     * JSDoc block here
     */
    class Foo extends Bar {
        make () {
        ...
        }
    }

    return Foo;
});
```

**⛔️ Not supported:**
```javascript
sap.ui.define(["Bar"], function(Bar){
    /**
     * JSDoc block here
     */
    return class Foo extends Bar {
        make () {
        ...
        }
    }
});
```

#### Multiple variable declarations: Syntax.ObjectPattern, Syntax.VariableDeclaration, Syntax.ArrowFunctionExpression

**⛔️ Not supported:**
```javascript

> ({a} /* Syntax.ObjectPattern */, b) => { // Syntax.ArrowFunctionExpression

Reviewer 2: when using ES6, I would expect the usage of `var` will be avoided. With that declaring a variable with the same name is obsolete. IMHO I would not document this restriction because its such a bad practice that writing it down is worse :-)

> ({a} /* Syntax.ObjectPattern */, b) => { // Syntax.ArrowFunctionExpression

Reviewer 2: Fine for me

# ECMAScript Support

The UI5 Tooling offers general support for `ES2022` ECMAScript features. While a `ui5 build` is executed, the UI5 Tooling analyses the code on a few places. Depending on the project type you have to consider some restrictions regarding the used ECMAScript syntax. The UI5 Tooling does only analyze files declared with type `script`. Files declared as `module` are not analyzed.

> | UI5 Tooling Version | Supported ECMAScript Version |
> |------------------- |---------------------------- |
> | >= 3.0.0            | ES2022                       |
> | < 3.0.0             | ECMAScript 2009 (aka ES5)    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UI5 Tooling Version | Supported ECMAScript Version | Note |
|------------------- |---------------------------- | ---- |
| v3.0+            | ECMAScript 2022                      |
| v2.0+            | ECMAScript 2009/ES5     | Note that code up to ECMAScript 2020 can be parsed, however required code analysis might not work correctly for specific language features
```

Reviewer 2: Done

In section [Language Features with Limitations](#language-features-with-limitations) all limitations grouped by the kind of ECMAScript artefact are described. In section [Code Analyzing](#code-analyzing) there is a more detailed explaination what kind of code analysis is done by the UI5 Tooling.

## Language Features with Limitations

> The following sections describe the limitations grouped by the ECMAScript artefact.

Reviewer 2: done

### Template Literal

> Template Literals without an expression can be used in all places where string literals can be used. Template Literals with one or more expressions can be used in all places except in following places.

Reviewer 2: done

#### Template Literal in `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require`

Template Literals with one or more expressions inside a `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require` call are not supported.

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        `ModuleA`,
        `ModuleB`
    ], function(ModuleA, ModuleB) {
    });
    ```

=== "Not supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="4"
    const i = `B`;
    sap.ui.define([
        `ModuleA`,
        `Module${i}`
    ], function(ModuleA, ModuleB) {
    });
    ```

The same rule applies also for the usage of deprecated or no longer recommended APIs `jQuery.sap.declare`, `jQuery.sap.declare`, `define`, `require`, `require.predefine`, `sap.ui.predefine`, `sap.ui.requireSync` and `sap.ui.require.preload`.

> #### Template Literal in Fiori Elements Template declaration

Reviewer 2: Thx. Done

> When declaring a `Fiori Elements Template` using a `Template Literal` with one or more expressions in the name of the `Fiori Elements Template` is not supported.

Reviewer 2: Done

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        `sap/fe/core/TemplateAssembler`
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods, 
            `sap.fe.templates.Page.Component`, {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        templateName: {
                            type: `string`,
                            defaultValue: `sap.fe.templates.Page.view.Page`
                        }
                    },

>                     manifest: "json"

Reviewer 2: Done

                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

> === "Not supported"

Reviewer 2: Done

    ```javascript hl_lines="6"
    sap.ui.define([
        `sap/fe/core/TemplateAssembler`
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        const name = `Component`;
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods,
            `sap.fe.templates.Page.${name}`, {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        templateName: {
                            type: `string`,
                            defaultValue: `sap.fe.templates.Page.view.Page`
                        }
                    },
                    manifest: `json`
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

> #### Template Literal in Smart Template declaration

Reviewer 2: Done

When declaring a `Smart Template` using a `Template Literal` with one or more expressions in the name of the `Smart Template` is not supported.

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        `sap/suite/ui/generic/template/lib/TemplateAssembler`
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods, 
            `sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.Component`, {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        templateName: {
                            type: `string`,
                            defaultValue: `sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.view.Page`
                        }
                    },
                    manifest: `json`
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

> === "Not supported"

Reviewer 2: Done

    ```javascript hl_lines="6"
    sap.ui.define([
        `sap/suite/ui/generic/template/lib/TemplateAssembler`
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        const name = `Component`;
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods,
            `sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.${name}`, {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        templateName: {
                            type: `string`,
                            defaultValue: `sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.view.Page`
                        }
                    },
                    manifest: `json`
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

> #### Template Literal in XMLComposite declaration

Reviewer 2: Done

> The `XMLComposite` is deprecated since UI5 Version 1.88. Nevertheless the UI5 Tooling offers analyzing the declaration of XMLComposites.

Reviewer 2: Done

> When declaring a `XMLComposite` using a `Template Literal` with one or more expressions in the name of the `XMLComposite` is not supported.

Reviewer 2: Done

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        `sap/ui/core/XMLComposite`
    ], function(XMLComposite) {
        return XMLComposite.extend(`composites.MyComposite`, {} 
    });
    ```

=== "Not supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="5"
    sap.ui.define([
        `sap/ui/core/XMLComposite`
    ], function(XMLComposite) {
        const name = `MyComposite`;
        return XMLComposite.extend(`composites.${name}`, {});
    });
    ```

> #### Template Literal in sap/ui/core/Core#initLibrary call

Reviewer 2: done

> Typically in the `library.js` of your library the library is initialized. The object which is given to the `sap/ui/core/Core#initLibrary` call musst not include any `Template Literal` with one or more expressions in the name of the library.

Reviewer 2: done

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.getCore().initLibrary({
        name: `my.lib`
    });
    ```

=== "Not supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="3"
    const libraryName = `lib`;
    sap.ui.getCore().initLibrary({
        name: `my.${libraryName}`
    });
    ```

### Spread Element

> A `Spread Element` can be used in all places except in following places.

Reviewer 2: Done

#### Spread Element in `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require`

A `Spread Element` as a parameter in a `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require` call is not supported.

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        "ModuleA",
        "ModuleB"
    ], function(ModuleA, ModuleB) {
    });
    ```

> === "Not supported"

Reviewer 2: Done

    ```javascript hl_lines="3"
    const dependencies = ["ModuleA", "ModuleB"];
    sap.ui.define([
        ...dependencies
    ], function(ModuleA, ModuleB) {
    });
    ```

The same rule applies also for the usage of deprecated or no longer recommended APIs `jQuery.sap.declare`, `jQuery.sap.declare`, `define`, `require`, `require.predefine`, `sap.ui.predefine`, `sap.ui.requireSync` and `sap.ui.require.preload`.

> #### Spread Element in Fiori Elements Template declaration

Reviewer 2: done

> When declaring a `Fiori Elements Template` using a `Spread Element` in the configuration of the `Fiori Elements Template` is not supported.

Reviewer 2: Done

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        "sap/fe/core/TemplateAssembler"
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods, 
            "sap.fe.templates.Page.Component", {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        templateName: {
                            type: "string",
                            defaultValue: "sap.fe.templates.Page.view.Page"
                        }
                    },
                    manifest: "json"
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

> === "Not supported"

Reviewer 2: done

    ```javascript hl_lines="14"
    sap.ui.define([
        "sap/fe/core/TemplateAssembler"
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        const myTemplate = {
            templateName: {
                type: "string",
                defaultValue: "sap.fe.templates.Page.view.Page"
            }
        };
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods,
            "sap.fe.templates.Page.Component", {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        ...myTemplate
                    },
                    manifest: "json"
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

> #### Spread Element in Smart Template declaration

Reviewer 2: done

> When declaring a `Smart Template` using a `Spread Element` in the configuration of the `Smart Template` is not supported.

Reviewer 2: done

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        "sap/suite/ui/generic/template/lib/TemplateAssembler"
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods, 
            "sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.Component", {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        templateName: {
                            type: "string",
                            defaultValue: "sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.view.Page"
                        }
                    },
                    manifest: "json"
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

> === "Not supported"

Reviewer 2: done

    ```javascript hl_lines="6"
    sap.ui.define([
        "sap/suite/ui/generic/template/lib/TemplateAssembler"
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        const myTemplate = {
            templateName: {
                type: "string",
                defaultValue: "sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.view.Page"
            }
        };
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods,

>             `sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.${name}`, {

Reviewer 2: Done

                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        ...myTemplate
                    }
                    manifest: "json"
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

#### Spread Element in XMLComposite declaration

> When declaring a `XMLComposite` using a `Spread Element` in the configuration of the `XMLComposite` is not supported.

Reviewer 2: done

        /**
         * JSDoc block here
         */
        class Foo extends Bar {
            make () {}
        }

        return Foo;
    });
    ```

=== "Not supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="7"
    sap.ui.define([
        "Bar"
    ], function(Bar){
        /**
         * JSDoc block here
         */
        return class Foo extends Bar {
            make () {}
        }
    });
    ```

### Arrow Function Expression

If you want to generate a JSDoc build of your project and use an `Arrow Function Expression` the JSDoc has to be written above the arrow function and not above the `sap.ui.define/sap.ui.require` command.

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        "Bar"
    ], 
    /**
     * JSDoc block here
     */
    (Bar) => Bar.extends("Foo", {

    }));
    ```

=== "Not supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="1 2 3"
    /**
     * JSDoc block here
     */
    sap.ui.define([
        "Bar"
    ], (Bar) => Bar.extends("Foo", {

    }));
    ```

## Code Analysis

While a `ui5 build` is executed, the UI5 Tooling analyses the code on a few places. The following sections explain the analysing parts more detailed.

### Dependency Analysis

> The UI5 Tooling analyzes declared dependencies in following places.

Reviewer 2: Done

#### JSModule Analyzer

> The [JSModule Analyzer](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder/blob/main/lib/lbt/analyzer/JSModuleAnalyzer.js) visiting the AST of a JavaScript file and uses this information to decide whether a code block is executed conditionally or unconditionally. Besides this information which is inherent to the language, the analyzer uses additional knowledge about special APIS / constructs (e.g. the factory function of an AMD module is known to be executed when the module is executed, an IIFE is known to be executed etc.)

Reviewer 2: Done

#### Component Analyzer

> The [Component Analyzer](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder/blob/main/lib/lbt/analyzer/ComponentAnalyzer.js)  anaylzes JavaScript files named `Component.js` to collect dependency information by searching for a `manifest.json` in the same folder. If it is found and if it is a valid JSON, an "sap.ui5" section is searched and evaluated in the following way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Component Analyzer](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder/blob/main/lib/lbt/analyzer/ComponentAnalyzer.js) analyzes JavaScript files named `Component.js` to collect dependency information by searching for a `manifest.json` in the same folder. If one is found, the `sap.ui5` section will be evaluated in the following way
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> - any library dependency is added as a dependency to the library.js module of that library. If the library dependency is modelled as 'lazy', the

Reviewer: I'm having trouble understanding this part. How does it relate to Components?

 module dependency will be added as 'conditional'
- any component dependency is added as a dependency to the Component.js module of that component. If the Component dependency is modeled as 'lazy', the module dependency will be added as 'conditional'

> - for each configured UI5 module for which a type is configured, a module dependency to that type is added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for each configured UI5 module, for which a type is configured, a module dependency to that type is added
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> - for each configured UI5 module for which a type is configured, a module dependency to that type is added

Reviewer: What's a "UI5 module" in this context? Or is this referring to *models*?

- for each route that contains a view name, a module dependency to that view will be added

#### Fiori Elements Analyzer

> The [Fiori Elements Analyzer](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder/blob/main/lib/lbt/analyzer/FioriElementsAnalyzer.js) analyzes a FioriElements app and its underlying template components to collect dependency information. It searches for a `manifest.json` in the same folder. If it is found and if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Fiori Elements Analyzer](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder/blob/main/lib/lbt/analyzer/FioriElementsAnalyzer.js) analyzes a FioriElements app and its underlying template components to collect dependency information. It searches for a `manifest.json` in the same folder. If one is found the `sap.fe` section will be evaluated in the following way:
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> it is a valid JSON, an "sap.fe" section is searched and evaluated in the following way

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: done

> - for each entity set in the "entitySets" object, each sub-entry is checked for a "default"."template" property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for each entity set in the `entitySets` object, each sub-entry is checked for a `default.template` property
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> - when found, that string is interpreted as the short name of a template component in package sap.fe.templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if found, the containing string is interpreted as the short name of a template component in the `sap.fe.templates` library
```

Reviewer 2: done

> - a dependency to that template component is added to the analyzed app

Reviewer: To the component of the app? Can we make a bridge to the previously discussed "Component dependencies"?

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.getCore().initLibrary({
        name: "my.lib"
    });
    ```

=== "Not Supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="5"
    const mylib = {
        name: "my.lib"
    };
    sap.ui.getCore().initLibrary({
        ...mylib
    });
    ```

### Object Expression

An **Object Expression** can be used in all places except in following places.

#### Object Expression in `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require`

An **Object Expression** as a parameter in a `sap.ui.define` or `sap.ui.require` call is not supported.

=== "Supported"

    ```javascript
    sap.ui.define([
        "Bar"
    ], function(Bar){
    });

    ```

=== "Not Supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="3"
    const dependency = "Bar";
    sap.ui.define([
        dependency
    ], function(Bar){
    });
    ```

The same rule applies also for the usage of deprecated or no longer recommended APIs `jQuery.sap.declare`, `jQuery.sap.declare`, `define`, `require`, `require.predefine`, `sap.ui.predefine`, `sap.ui.requireSync` and `sap.ui.require.preload`.

#### Object Expression in Fiori Elements Template Declaration

> When declaring a **Fiori Elements Template** using an **Object Expression** in the configuration of the **Fiori Elements Template** is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When declaring a **Fiori Elements Template**, the usage of an **Object Expression** in the configuration is not supported.
```

        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods, 
            "sap.fe.templates.Page.Component", {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        templateName: {
                            type: "string",
                            defaultValue: "sap.fe.templates.Page.view.Page"
                        }
                    },
                    manifest: "json"
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

=== "Not Supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="9"
    sap.ui.define([
        "sap/fe/core/TemplateAssembler"
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        const key = "templateName";
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods,
            "sap.fe.templates.Page.Component", {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        [key]: {
                            type: "string",
                            defaultValue: "sap.fe.templates.Page.view.Page"
                        }
                    },
                    manifest: "json"
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

#### Object Expression in Smart Template Declaration

> When declaring a **Smart Template** using an **Object Expression** in the configuration of the **Smart Template** is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When declaring a **Smart Template*, the usage of an **Object Expression** in the configuration is not supported.
```

                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        templateName: {
                            type: "string",
                            defaultValue: "sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.view.Page"
                        }
                    },
                    manifest: "json"
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

=== "Not Supported"

    ```javascript hl_lines="9"
    sap.ui.define([
        "sap/suite/ui/generic/template/lib/TemplateAssembler"
    ], function(TemplateAssembler) {
        const key = "templateName"
        return TemplateAssembler.getTemplateComponent(getMethods,
            `sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.${name}`, {
                metadata: {
                    properties: {
                        [key]: {
                            type: "string",
                            defaultValue: "sap.suite.ui.generic.templates.Page.view.Page"
                        }
                    }
                    manifest: "json"
                }
            }
        );
    });
    ```

#### Object Expression in XMLComposite Declaration

> When declaring a **XMLComposite** using an **Object Expression** in the configuration of the **XMLComposite** is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When declaring a **XMLComposite*, the usage of an **Object Expression** in the configuration is not supported.
```
